Diary Entry #1
A yellowed sheet of paper that is folded up into a rectangle. When unfolded: the left edge of the sheet is torn, suggesting it was ripped from a notebook. The paper feels soft, like it has been folded and in someone's pocket for some time. The paper is unlined. The handwriting is messy and is black ink in all caps.
November 19th ----
The sound of waves again. Can't be. You're *here*: solid ground.

Dairy Entry #2:
A yellowed sheet of paper that is folded up into a rectangle but imperfectly as there is a corner that is missing. When unfolded: the left edge is torn and a large tear cuts across upwards from the left edge to the top center of the sheet. The paper feels soft and delicate, like gravity could reduce it to ash. The paper is stained, making some of the writing hard to make out. The paper is unlined with messy handwriting in black ink in all caps.
October 28th ----
You put everything in a shoebox in the hallway closet. Mementos of grief, of a life.

Diary Entry #3:
A yellowed sheet of paper that is mottled with brown and rusty-red stains. It has been folded up into a rectangle. Soft to the touch, there is also a crunch to this page. When unfolded: there is a hole that has been burned through the top right edge of the paper, the source of the texture difference and sound. Luckily, it doesn't cut through the scrawled, black text that is in all caps.
October 21st ----
You don’t remember when you first saw her. Maybe it was winter, maybe it wasn’t. You remember your hands were cold, the wind burning your eyes to tears. 
Sometimes she asks you: "Where do you go at night?" and you find yourself unable to answer. You want to ask her:  "Does loss leave you holding your breath? Where do you keep your ghosts?"

Key #1 
A simple and unadorned brass key.

Key #2 
A simple and unadorned tarnished-silver key.

Key #3
An intricate brass colored key with a skull at the top.

Photo
A photo showing a window looking out to the sea, it's winter. Mist. Snow falling. Torn 2/3rds of the way, a silhouette of a person's hand is visible.

Ceramic Doll
A small, bisque ceramic doll with arms and legs that articulate. The face is painted on as are its shoes and socks. The shoes look like mary-janes and are red. The socks are painted up just below the knees and are white with a green horizontal stripe at the top. The doll wears a thin cream colored sheath dress that is knee-length. The painted face is scratched, the brown of the eyebrows patchy and missing, its blue eyes faded and scuffed. The red-orange rouge of the cheeks is rubbed away in the centers. There are brass hooks at the shoulders and hips that can be felt through its dress that allow the doll's extremities to move.

Cloth Piece
A torn piece of cream-colored muslin fabric that is stained with something that looks like rust. In the lower right corner of the fabric is a crudely embroidered house in dark grey thread.

Book
A thick, old-looking hardcover book, the cover is bound in green cloth that is peeling and fraying at the edges. The title is worn away but there are traces of gold-leaf that must've been lettering. An art nouveau style flower pattern in black borders the cover and is faded, rubbed away more in some places.
Flipping through the pages: the phrase "I crumble" is hand-written in what looks like dark black charcoal over faded book pages ad nauseam.

Locket
A tarnished silver oval-shaped locket. On the inside are two drawings in what looks like black ink: on the left, a drawing of a hand with its palm facing you. On the right is a drawing of a bird talon. 

Old Tin Wind-Up Car
A small palm-sized tin wind-up car that is painted in a turquoise blue with red racing stripes on the sides. There are small painted people on the front windows and windshield, creating the illusion that there are people inside the car. There is a metal wind-up attachment on the left hand side of the car, the driver's side door.

Pair of Coins
Two small copper-colored coins. They are shaped and reminiscent of pennies but are blank save for a small plus sign that has been carved into the center of one side of each of the coins.